Set a workout goal in Bitcoin Trainer, and let a bitcoin reward be your motivation!

The first time you launch the app, a unique Bitcoin address is generated and saved in the app. Click on “Load Bitcoin” to see the address. Send some bitcoin to the address to be your reward.

Now you need to set a goal. Click on “Set Goal” to specify the number of workouts you plan to complete, and the treat you wish to buy with your bitcoin.

When you finish setting your goal, your bitcoin is locked in the app, and cannot be spent until you meet your goal.

Complete workouts by using your Apple Watch, or a third-party app such as Runkeeper. You can also manually enter workouts in the Health app by browsing to Health Data > Fitness > Workouts > Add Data Point.

When you meet your goal, your bitcoin becomes accessible again. Find a store that accepts bitcoin, and buy your treat! (Your bitcoin balance is displayed in satoshis. The app will automatically include a 10000 satoshi fee when you send bitcoin, so take this into account when checking your balance.)

--

Instruction for Udacity Grader:

Before starting the app, you’ll need to replace 'SET API KEY HERE.' In BitcoinAddress.swift with an API key from blockchain.info. I’ve included my API key in the “notes to reviewer”.

If you don’t want to risk your own bitcoin testing the app, just email me the “Load Bitcoin” address generated by the app, and I’ll send a few dollars in bitcoin to the address. (My email address is the “notes to reviewer”.)

If you’d like to send bitcoin back to me to test the “Send Bitcoin” functionality, you can send it to the following address:

18udyMDFYNBBaVVMJSeGQipBTvY3dk4aSk

You can look at the following page to confirm that the address received your bitcoin:

https://blockchain.info/address/18udyMDFYNBBaVVMJSeGQipBTvY3dk4aSk